a beautiful beach not far away I went
too busy for a day got covered with some
do we use that changed my DNA
after school I turn into a prehistoric
hero
and I
I'm in
today on dyno squad the Caruso's quest
for fame lead him to unmask his secret
Dino identity on national television
experiment six 47.2 3a at 1100 hours I'm
administering primordial ooze batch zero
one seven - twenty-three into the storm
drain system Manchester New Hampshire in
order to evaluate the rapidity of flow
and dispersion tracking Baloo's
indicates that it's moving faster than
anticipated and its viability seems to
be diminishing at an alarming rate
take the truck South than East following
these coordinates hurry
kuru so just what is your designer jeans
wearing backside doing sitting in my
chair
whoa Roger don't sneak up on me like
that and what were you doing on the
computer you know the rules no using my
equipment without permission I wasn't on
the computer yeah you were look you've
changed all the settings probably
downloaded viruses I'll take forever to
fix why are you looking at a satellite
map of Manchester New Hampshire oh that
well yeah I was looking for
Dino mutants save the world national
security all that stuff I don't see any
signs of whoa hold the miniature
cellphone I don't believe I'm gonna say
this but you were right Caruso trace
elements of primordial ooze
and I'll bet you your last tube of fancy
hair gel that where there's primordial
ooze there's gonna be Dino mutants
now let's go with this bad boy it sweeps
loose so you don't have to it'll pick up
any extra primordial ooze that happens
to be lying around that's a good boy G
coochie Oh get that little guy
it may have who's on it whoa look okay
all right Dino squad let's put these
things on eyes don't let them get away
my calculations indicate that they're
growing at an exponential rate go Dino
Oh
I'll get him go Dino
hitting all little one disgusting
creature
go on little guys go play or do whatever
it is you do yeah go go way nasty things
we should sweep the area for any more
primordial ooze or die no mutants report
in if you find anything huh
yo Caruso some place else you need to be
me no no place I'm fine
well then get searching see if I go this
way and up should be just around the
corner it's just me Caruso did you check
everything down this way
absolutely did you investigate that dirt
culvert back there well of course I did
do you think I'd say I checked if I
hadn't checked I checked don't blow a
gasket Caruso I was just asking Oh me I
gotta go check another drain up there oh
I'll be right back